Welcome to watch this wonderful sponsored movie!
Thank you very much nutaku
Very good
Now, if you are a 9-year-old then I have to ask you...
Let's go, now! Leave here
Ok? This is a limit of 18 years old.
It also contains 妳, mom... 妳 can also go
Please, I don’t want to see it.
Nutaku's game has some great names like...
"Mistress Call"
Or...
"Squeeze extrusion"
But what we are going to play today is the best of their many names...
"尻 gun executive"
This game can be played on an Android phone but we have to play on the computer
"Remove underwear"
"Charging Massager"
That's right, this film will definitely be forfeited.
I can finally swear!
dry!
Pewdiepie in 2013... I really want to know what he thinks when he sees what I am doing now.
My God, ok, let's get started.
Welcome to play "尻 gun CEO"
It’s a good idea to use this sound...
My name is Amber. I am your "sexy secretary" from now on.
Come help me find a place to show my big milk
Hire me by my desk
Oh, ok, great, because I thought she was suggesting that I really want to hire her.
That won't happen, okay...
I guess I have no other choice but to hire Amber.
Wow, this game looks really original.
Almost as original as my movie
I am absolutely...
Oh my God...
mine...
Marzia...ok... I am at...
Money has come in, everyone likes my tits.
Yes, that's right...
Just hearing the word milk can make me laugh.
Ok, let me play in safe mode.
Work safety mode
So people won’t be too angry
I am promoting the A film in my day.
Everyone knows that I am the best boss ever, that's right, right?
"Please help me, he locked me in a cage, I am serious, look at God's sake, call the FBI. Every time I send such a message, you just think that this is part of meme, look at the old For the sake of the day, I have sent these messages for several years, but no one has called the FBI, God, please, don’t let this madman continue, look at his reptile-like face, monster, I have seen him eat the whole child. The child is still alive. His name is 'Romanian Michael'. Please don't let him eat me. He is a demon. The 9-year-old children and Obi King Kenobi help me. You are me. The only hope - Brad One" (Note: Obi-Wan Kenobi is a Star Wars character)
Hey! I got a chance to perform in a private show.
Sure...
So I ordered her...
My heavenly money flows in like crazy!
I want to make a fortune.
I can finally not do Youtube.
A key fell
How did it fall?!
Now you can use the key to open a treasure chest.
Sure
Oh... it’s a real treasure chest... (Note: chest is also the meaning of the chest)
Really disappointed!!
Ok, what's in the box? Is it a tit?
Anything is fine.
Oh, a rose is great.
You can give it to me, so...
I help me make money, so I can spend money on it.
See who said that I don't respect women
See that they are helping me make money.
a beautiful flower dedicated to beautiful women
So I give her a token
Just "chat" with her and then this can give me...
Additional reward
I think we can prepare to hire some "fresh abalone".
Ok, so we need to hire more people.
Student girl, Chloe
Shy sister
Ok, we have to hire "big balls".
Hire a teacher first
Ok, so
Oh my...
Mar...Mar...Marzia
Listen, this film is sponsored by "Don't tell Marzia"
Also, I am serious
Don't tell... stop telling Marzia
Every time I say don’t tell Marzia
You all betray me directly
I just realized something.
I just called all 9-year-olds to leave the film at the beginning.
This means that no one is watching at the moment?
This means that I can just say what I want to say?
911 is made by Little Bush.
I don't know what the meaning of these click games is... but...
I just can't stop clicking
Ok, let me hire more people.
Let me hire everyone to forget
We have Lisa, she is...
Her work is not praised
We can change this, we can do something different.
Lisa妳 is super bad
I think my current favorite is...
Mrs. Rider
Ok, so she got a new webcam and I upgraded.
What did she get 25?
It is eggplant, everyone!
Is eggplant
What is she going to do with eggplant?
The first five hot messages will get a response video on this channel... reply to the video
Work harder!!
Ok, so we are now 1
If we rise to 300, etc.
We can sell the company, so
Ok, we have goals, children, we have goals.
Ok, so she is the most popular girl at school
Ok, let me...
Come... let’s see me to judge if she is
Ginger and ginseng
I want them to be better than the scorpions in the singer.
What the hell is I talking about...
That's pretty
Marzia?
Ok, go ahead!
I think what I need to do is...
I obviously need to buy a special package.
Don't judge me, ok?
I don't need to be judged
Now we should open a special package.
What have we got?
An Xbox! Oh, awesome
What else do we get an Xbox?
Ok, ok, great
So we have a bunch of props that we can give...
Here, eat some chocolate balls to shut up!
Do you think you can hire twitch live master here? Or is it too much?
Can this game let you hire vibrato, or...
They are just girls who filmed in front of the camera.
Just kidding, they are all the same.
Just kidding, that’s just a joke.
I think I will regret making this film.
Ok, we are slow but we have to achieve it.
She got sandals!
She got a pinch
I just spent 2 billion on the pinch.
God, fucking...
Killed, I bleed
Ah! I am too upset to drag my feet.
Because I was so hurt, I cried.
I didn't cry when I shut up!
We are all fired, eat a burger.
Increase the company's revenue, double... ok ok ok
Ok, yes, we did x3 ok, so now...
Let me sell it
What happened? My God...
Great! You win very beautifully
I may have to pass you more photos.
Let us go to your office
Wait, I have an office now?
Welcome to your office is great, right?
We can do a lot of things here.
My god, there is skill tree
Increase the accelerator time or click?
I think I will choose the accelerator.
When you are playing 'machine bricks' (Roblox)
I am clicking on the virtual girl
Upgrade them
Ok, so I actually want to try and share...
What is he doing? Like...
You can't work with just one hand
Hey, if I find 23 decorations I can get something.
Celestial, Sarah, really cheap, dude
Sarah can't spend any money
Look at Amber is also cheap, man
Jesus Christ, Amber is completely useless.
Ok, so we have a turntable now.
Stop! That's pretty good.
What do we get?
Burger! Burger! Burger! Burger! Burger!
So we are now doubled
What we have to do is... we want to invest... We want to buy 20% of the "coffee"
No matter what that means...
There are everyone... everyone!!
I just made 8 billion
what is this?
Go back to work, swear an idiot!
Ok, we have a new girl.
Ayumi... my god, she is too expensive.
Killed, Sarah is definitely the cheapest...
Sorry, the Wall Street Journal is sorry, Vice Media
This is just an electric
Pewdiepie hate
To spend 923 million to upgrade Sarah
Sarah妳 got out of the way.
Mrs. Rider wants 560 million pinch
Mrs. Rider wants, Mrs. Rider will get
God killed, have you seen how much I made? Have you seen it?
Not ironic, I really like this game now.
Honestly this is a good click game
Ok, right, right, right, right
Maybe I have to buy some money.
Maybe I have to spend some money.
But casually, you can't judge me.
Earn more money for killing, this is right.
YouTube’s greed has finally turned into something else.
Yes, I will go back, please (note: see the previous message, here refers to the cat's embarrassment)
How amazing is this with how I operate my YouTube career.
"it is true"
We almost have to reach it, kids!
Almost reached!
I am like I have never clicked on a general click...
Hey! I have arrived at xN
Yes, yes!
We have done it
I am the best "gun executive" ever.
I hope you like this video.
I am sorry at the same time.
Go and see the Nutaku.net link in the video description
Go and see "The Gunman CEO". Honestly, this game is very fun.
If you want to have some fun, adult limit, please
Thank you very much
Goodbye we
BROFIST!
Translation, timeline: JT
* If there is a chaotic timeline of subtitles, it may be that pewds cut the video in the background, the translator can't do anything, please forgive me *